Welcome back.
We just implemented our own stack and hopefully you're able to code along as well in your own language.
Now here's my next challenge to you what if we used a race for this stack up until this point or what
we've coded in has been with a linked list that we've created.
How would you change the code if you want to implement this in an array.
And the hint here is that it's going to be super super simple it's going to involve deleting a lot of
this code because while arrays already have PUSH and POP.
So my challenge to you is to convert this stack data structure to use arrays instead of linked lists.
Good luck and I'll see in the next video.
Buh-Bye.